Once everything is finished downloading we should be good to go.
The last thing for us to do is just to make HCM l file to serve.
So we'll do index da h Tummo.
You make new files inside of us code by hitting this kind of hollow document icon right here.
And then after that we just need to do our set up so as code comes with Amut by default so I have to
do is hit exclamation point and then enter.
And that will give me everything that I need.
I'll maybe change the title to iOS 6 and then after that I'll just display some dummy text Lauren like
so perfect.
Like I said it comes of Emett by default.
And if you don't know about it it's definitely worth checking out.
It'll save you a lot of time.
All you have to do is hit the name of a particular tag that you want to use like for example age 1 and
then you can hit tab or enter and it loads in that tag just like that.
So we're not going be working with HMO too much so we don't have to worry about that.
But either way now that we have all of our HMO written now the next thing for us to do is just run NPM
start.
And it may take a second.
But as soon as it finishes up it's going to spin up our server and automatically load it into whatever
our default browser happens to be.